feat: add verify decorator to fastify (#66)
fastify/fastify-bearer-auth: Readme.md

   rejects, or throws, a HTTP status of `500` will be sent. `req` is the Fastify
   request object. If `auth` is a function, `keys` will be ignored. If `auth` is
   not a function, or `undefined`, `keys` will be used.

> * `legacy`: turn on legacy mode to add bearer auth for `onRequest` hook.

Reviewer: let's call this `addHook` instead.

[fplugin]: https://github.com/fastify/fastify/blob/master/docs/Plugins.md
[prehook]: https://github.com/fastify/fastify/blob/master/docs/Hooks.md

> ## Integration

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Integration with `fastify-auth`
```

> This plugin can integrate with `fastify-auth`, you can follow the example below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This plugin can integrate with `fastify-auth` by following this example:
```

> ```JS

Reviewer 2: Consistency nit:
```suggestion
```js
```
